INSTALLATION

To install these modules, cd to the directory that contains all of the
extracted distribution files, including this INSTALL file, and type the
following:

    perl Makefile.PL
    make
    make test
    make install

The last step probably won't work if you are not the administrator of your
machine; in that case you either need to get your administrator to install
this for you, or put it in a your own local directory instead.

The Makefile.PL can do this for you if you substitute something like the
following for the first line above:

    perl Makefile.PL PREFIX=/tmp/myperl5

or:

    perl Makefile.PL PREFIX=/home/me/myperl5

If you are on a Mac system that is older than Mac OS X (Mac OS 9 or
earlier) and/or you are otherwise having problems with the Makefile, you
can still install this module the old fashioned way, by copying.

Every file in the "lib" folder of this distribution goes in its
corresponding location within the "lib" folder that came with your Perl 5
distribution.

Or alternately, put them anywhere you want, but you will need to have that
location added to your include path by your main program using something
like this:

    use lib '/home/me/myperl5/lib';

Then you would want to run the included test programs to make sure the
modules are installed correctly.  Call them like this for each sequential
t/*.t file:

    perl t/<file-name>.t

Any existing POD is embedded in the module itself.  The Makefile probably
extracted it for you in the usual manner, or you can run a POD extractor on
it yourself to the same effect.  You can also find an HTMLized copy of the
POD on CPAN and other public source archives; I link to one copy of it on
my web site.

If the automated 'make test' fails and you want to see more details
concerning what went wrong, but you haven't installed the modules yet, then
you can invoke the following line to see the detailed output of the
test script, which the normal 'make test' usually hides:

    perl -e "use lib 'blib/lib'; do 't/<file-name>.t';"

Use the above line when the problem is something other than the modules not
loading in the first place; non-loading should still display the problem
under 'make test'.
